OK
concession concession hum
Don't you forget we're here today for business
If you let me know
What were you doing in the room with that oiran lady?
I'm welcome.
Then, then, then, can't I be that kind of person?
Brother, I won't be staring at you here, huh?
I thank you you're welcome
Where are the people?
Why hasn't anyone called me for so long?
Qin Feng, why are you here?
I'll tell you what.
This is Hongxiu's boudoir
It's not for someone like you to come
If you know each other, get out of here
Mr. Zhang, sorry
My wife temporarily changed her mind
Decided to invite this Qin Gongzi
Become the dream shore of today
He is a waste
Why with money
You will understand when you listen to the poems written by the son
I want to see what kind of poem it is
It can be better than my son's right pair
Yun Xiang clothes Hua Xiang Rong
The spring breeze blows Revlon
How is this possible?
Mr. Zheng, I told you
Don't be too crazy
Humph
Leave Qinyuezhuang
We'll see.